----------------------- REVIEW 1 ---------------------
SUBMISSION: 39
TITLE: Sterling: A Web-based Interface for Alloy
AUTHORS: Tristan Dyer and John Baugh

----------- Reviewer's confidence -----------
SCORE: 4 ((high))
----------- Overall evaluation -----------
SCORE: 1 (weak accept)
----- TEXT:
Visualisation is very important and allows one to explore
formal models and sometimes spot errors much more easily
than in textual representations.
Hence this work is very important.
I managed to start the preview; unfortunately it only contains the table view.
But the view was working fine and is very well presented.

I recommend accepting this short presentation of the tool, even though the short article could definitely be improved.


page 1, "is leveraged to address the challenges of working with scientific software"
This reads more like a marketing pitch than a scientific statement.

page 2, bottom, "consistency"
This is an interesting point. Has it been solved in Sterling? If so, how?

page 3, "sparse matrix"
This application drops out of thin air.
Is the visualisation on the right hand side of figure 1 just for these kind
of applications; or is it useful on its own right for other visualisations?

The text below Figure 1 is not very clear.
The right of figure 1 is also not very clear: what are the column and row
headings?

page 3, bottom: mesh
Again, this quite specific application comes out of thin air.
Are there more fundamental principles to generate domain specific visualisations?
The mesh in Figure 2 is quite small and does not correspond to the expectations
raised in the text (more closely match the physical layout of a mesh).
Can you render bigger meshes?

page 4, "To inform development of these features, a user study..."
Sentence is a bit convoluted.



----------------------- REVIEW 2 ---------------------
SUBMISSION: 39
TITLE: Sterling: A Web-based Interface for Alloy
AUTHORS: Tristan Dyer and John Baugh

----------- Reviewer's confidence -----------
SCORE: 4 ((high))
----------- Overall evaluation -----------
SCORE: -1 (weak reject)
----- TEXT:
This paper addresses a visualization application for Alloy specifications named Sterling which introduces a new custom view to provide better and improved rendering of data for application specific needs (e.g. scientific computing).

Since the authors claim that the Alloy community needs such an new and improved visualization tool, the authors base the whole motivation of this tool paper on that. Sadly, introduction of this tool paper is weakly described and the paper is clearly missing the elaboration of the problems in existing Alloy visualization tools. The context of this short paper is described at the end of Page 2 which shall be part of the introduction to better understand "the why" of this (short) tool paper.

The novel and interesting part of this paper the so called "custom view" defined through scripts is only briefly described in the form of "Scripts written in this view are automatically executed as instances and counterexamples are generated by Alloy.". The reader of this paper needs a concise description on how the authors manage to "automatically executed" the custom view in order to render the data. E.g. on Page 3 the authors mention "Using Sterling, a custom view can be set up to display finite element meshes, as shown in Figure 2 (right) [...]" and the description of the method on how the custom view is composed and the visualization is done is left out.

From the conclusion of this paper it is clear that it is a work-in-progress tool paper with a lot of features still under development and the authors claim to work a user study as well.

Despite of the introduction of a web-based interface for the visualization of Alloy specifications and providing the specifier with a "custom view", the paper fails by proper motivating the research and describing the "custom view" visualization process.

Minor issues:
* Page 1: "[...] discussions among users at the 2018 Workshop on the Future of Alloy." citation of reference is missing!
* Page 4: Fig. 2 (left) is not described and/or referenced in the paper at all!



----------------------- REVIEW 3 ---------------------
SUBMISSION: 39
TITLE: Sterling: A Web-based Interface for Alloy
AUTHORS: Tristan Dyer and John Baugh

----------- Reviewer's confidence -----------
SCORE: 4 ((high))
----------- Overall evaluation -----------
SCORE: 0 (borderline paper)
----- TEXT:
I was very excited when starting reading this paper. However, as I progressed
I realized that the paper contains very few details about what has been done.
There are some examples, but the figures are so small that one can barely read
them, and the second example (physical simulation) is not well explained.
I am also missing the connection to Alloy specifications. I know that 4 pages is
not a lot, but I would have expected a bit more details.

That said, the short paper is well written (no errors found), and more importantly,
the work looks interesting and sounds worth presentation at ABZ 2020. The question
is how much the 4 page limit is to be blamed for the lack of details.
